gh-123083: Fix a potential use-after-free in ``STORE_ATTR_WITH_HINT`` (#123092)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-08-17-17-26-25.gh-issue-123083.9xWLJ-.rst

> Fix STORE_ATTR_WITH_HINT has potential use-after-free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a potential use-after-free in ``STORE_ATTR_WITH_HINT``.
```

Author: Thanks, I will address the changes after build bot tests are passed.
